Netflix used to deliver DVDs in
envelopes, and [music] when the internet
got fast, they became a movie studio,
right? It opened up an entirely new
business, something fundamentally
different. That's what happens with
speed, [music] and I think that's what
fast AI does. Right now, we're replacing
things that everybody can see, coding,
design, the SAS tools, but once we start
sort of fundamentally reorganizing
around this, you're going to see this
sort of new business [music] models and
fundamental jumps in productivity, and
I'm eager for that. That's so cool.
>> Today in No Priors, we have Andrew
Feldman, the co-founder and CEO of
Cerebras. Cerebras was founded in the
mid-2010s to focus on new workloads for
AI, particularly the machine learning
world, and then has made the transition
into very fast inference for the
foundation model world that we live in
today. Cerebras recently went public and
is currently worth about $63 billion on
the stock market. So, Andrew, thank you
for joining us in No Priors.
>> Oh, what a pleasure. It's good to see
you guys again.
>> Yeah, so first of all, congratulations.
So, um your company Cerebras just went
public.
Um as of today, it's a $60 billion
market cap, which is pretty amazing.
>> Pretty amazing.
>> Yeah, and you I think you were with us a
year or two ago on the show in one of
the earlier episodes, and it was a
pleasure to talk to you then, and
obviously we're very excited to have you
on today. Could you tell us a bit how
the business evolved since that time and
what you folks just a reminder for our
audience what you do, what you're
focused on, how you're moving forward.
>> We we build
AI computers, right? Computers computers
designed to
and optimized to accelerate AI
workloads.
And right now, we're the the fastest at
inference, not by a little, but but by a
lot, 15, 18, 20x faster than GPUs.
And so, what happened was
um starting in about 2025,
AI models got smart enough to be useful.
People began using them, and you know,
we make AI with training, and we
we use it with inference. So, as people
began to to use it, it began to to sort
of be integrated into their day-to-day
work.
Um speed became fundamentally important,
and we were just crushed with demand.
>> Is it Is this faster across the board,
or is it specific use cases?
>> Faster across the board. Big model,
small models, US models, Chinese models,
um
trillion parameter models or 1 billion
parameter models, across the board.
>> Mhm.
>> And then what happened was at the end of
the year, we signed a a deal with with
OpenAI. It's sort of one of the biggest
deals ever in Silicon Valley. It's sort
of north of 20 billion dollars.
And then in March, we signed an
agreement with AWS, where we'll be
deployed in their data centers going
forward. And so,
it was just a whirlwind year and a half
of to chasing the
chasing supply and trying to trying to
sort of meet the demand.
>> And what what you have done in the year
in in the last year and a half, was it
the ramp in manufacturing? Was it a new
chip design? Was it something else?
Could you help educate folks on
>> what what what happened was we built a
really really fast machine,
and for a long time nobody cared.
And they right it and that's
>> Mhm.
>> because AI
>> Actually, forgive me for saying so, but
a lot of people objected and said this
is just a weird architecture. They they
called it wrong. Like Cerebras called it
wrong.
>> Yeah. They they did. I think
um
to be radically better,
right? You you you can't build something
that that is a similar architecture,
right? You're not going to get 15 or 20
times better than the GPU with a minor
modification to their architecture. And
that's probably true across the board.
That if you're going to aspire to a
radical improvement, your design has to
be different.
And from the beginning, you know, we
chose wafer scale, which means we build
a 46,000 square millimeter chip, a chip
the size of a dinner plate, whereas
everybody else is building chips the
size of postage stamps.
They told us we were out of our it would
never work. They They listed reasons why
it was impossible.
But in 2019, we we proved it was
possible. We began delivering it, and we
improved on it, and we improved on it.
Um
But we were fast when I was a novelty.
And when it's a novelty, nobody cares if
you're fast because it's not being used.
And so, from about 2023
to the beginning of '25, sort of people
pointed at AI, but nobody used it every
day in their work.
>> Mhm.
>> And once you use something every day in
your work, it can't be slow.
I mean, how how long will you guys wait
for a website to resolve?
>> I'll have no attention.
>> Right. That's exactly right. That That's
exactly the way it is. I mean, how big
is the market for slow search? It's
zero. How big is the market for dial-up
internet? It's zero. That's how big the
market for slow inference will be.
But we had to wait until it was smart
enough to be useful. And that happened
in 2025. And that's why you got this
sort of
explosion of of demand and companies
like Cognition and Cursor and Lovable
and and just all these others that began
ramping extraordinary. Many of the ones
you guys have invested in
are are ramping like crazy. OpenAI and
and and and others. And and we were
right there with the right product.
>> Mhm.
>> I think I first met you back in 2016 or
something like that. And at the time,
people weren't like saying AI sounded
weird. Right? You were talking about
machine learning.
And the models of the time were uh
convolutional neural networks and RNNs
and you know, just the emergence of GANs
and things like that.
>> We were trying to tell the difference
between a chair and a cat. Right? That
was That was great. [laughter]
So, his
PhD is like a cat and or a chair. It's
like, "Woah, look how far we've come." I
mean, it's unbelievable.
>> Yeah. Yeah. What do you think
gave you the foresight to build against
the market? Because to your point, I
think a lot of us believed in that this
market would be really important. And
you more than others, right? Since you
actually started a company in it. But
then it took some time for the market to
really expand to the point where uh to
your point now it's it's this massive
use case, people really care about speed
of inference and other things.
Um what gave you the conviction back
then to do this?
>> Combination of of vision, um the right
co-founders, and a little bit of
arrogance, and a little bit of luck.
You know, we we saw AI on the horizon as
a new workload.
And as computer architects, new
workloads are opportunity.
All right, it's very very hard to
to to enter
in the x86 world, right? Where there's
not nothing new is happening there, and
nothing has happened for generations.
But
you know, when graphics emerged, you got
the discrete GPU, and you you you got uh
Nvidia, and and when uh
when the mobile uh compute hit, you you
got ARM.
And it was interesting that that not
Intel, not AMD, not all sorts of people
who you would have thought have been
really well positioned to win in that
business, they all got no share. And so
we knew that that that this new workload
would eat a lot of compute.
It would require uh a new architecture,
dedicated architecture, and that ought
to be very different. The architecture
could not be a derivative of what's
existing.
Those were our big bets, and they were
100% contrarian.
>> Mhm.
>> And they turned out to be dead right.
>> Were there moments where you just
doubted whether this would work, given
that it took time for you?
>> Yeah.
>> We had a period uh you know, we're
solving a problem that that had never
been solved before.
>> Mhm.
>> I mean
there'd been efforts across the entire
70-year history of the computer industry
to build a way-for-scale product. In
fact, Gene Amdahl, sort of one of the
fathers of our field, one of the the the
guys on Mount Rushmore of compute,
failed miserably to do it.
>> Mhm.
>> We had a period between about 2017,
middle of 2017 and middle of 2019,
where we couldn't build it. We were
spending about 8 million a month.
>> Mhm.
>> You have a board meeting every 6 weeks
saying, "I can't build it. No, still not
working."
And right, "Oof" is right. I mean,
that's a huge amount of money.
And a huge amount of conviction your
investors have.
And each time we did a failure analysis,
we got a little bit better at at it. We
got a little bit better at it. Um and
then in the summer of of '19, we we
yielded it.
And it began to work. And the first time
we were sitting in a a little makeshift
shift office in downtown Los Altos in a
building that was not designed for
hardware guys.
And we're staring at a computer, which
is about as exciting as watching paint
dry.
>> Mhm.
>> And it's working. And we just we
couldn't speak for half an hour. Right?
It's like, "Nobody's been able to do
this and it's working. And we did this."
>> And that's amazing cuz that's the
technical side of it. And then there's a
market side, right? And also on the
market side, to your point, it took time
to get to the point where these
workloads were really important.
Um so, were there moments where you
doubted whether the market existed?
>> You know, we we we we solved it and we
solved this sort of the hardest problem
in the computer industry and nobody
cared.
Nobody.
It was like, you know, the first gen we
might have sold a dozen.
The second gen we probably sold 300. And
now we're selling going to sell tens of
thousands in the third gen. We had a 2
or 3 year period where we were ahead of
the market.
And absolutely nobody cared that we were
blisteringly fast.
>> And you found some pioneering customers
that were like atypical in terms of of
starting point, right? There was a there
were some sovereigns who really bought
ahead. Like, how did you think about
being resilient to this period of being
ahead of demand?
>> I I think there's a there's a a a path
that has been laid down by new computer
architectures. And often you begin in
the in the supercomputer world because
those guys love speed and they don't
care if your software is immature.
>> Mhm.
>> And so, we we sort of ran the table
there. We we wanted National Labs and at
Lawrence Livermore and at Sandia and in
Europe at European Parallel Computing
Centre at LRZ. So, we ran the table
there and then we we won some guys in in
the oil and gas space and we won some
guys in pharma, all of whom have long
histories of using extraordinary amounts
of compute.
But then historically there's this giant
chasm
because none of them provide the volume
to get to mainstream.
And we won out a sovereign G42.
Um and they became a strategic partner
and and close friends
um and they placed a billion-dollar
order on us.
And with that we were able to sort of
transform the company. We're able to
change our supply chain. We're able to
deploy equipment in big enough clusters
that that we could battle test at scale.
You know, one of the challenges in
hardware is your QA lab can't be as big
as some of the customers you want to
deploy to.
>> Mhm.
>> Right? I mean, you can't put a hundred
million dollars in your QA lab worth of
your own gear.
And they worked with us and we we began
training models for them. We began doing
inference with uh for them. They've been
an extraordinary partner. This is Peng
who's CEO of G42 and his chairman Sheikh
Tahnoun. We couldn't ask for better
partners.
And so we we were able to when Open AI
came along, when AWS came along, we we
had the capacity. We were ready.
Right? We'd battle tested. We'd sort of
gotten over the the chasm. We we'd had a
bridge and so we could could meet the
the demand.
>> Yeah, I think that kind of path
dependence is sometimes undervalued in
in this field because the ability for
you to go from a you know, like tens,
hundred million-dollar order to twenty
billion of backlog, like there's got to
be there's got to be something in the
middle. It's years of work.
Yeah.
>> It's years of work and and you know,
it's I I think often and I'm sure many
of your listeners um
are in the software world and and you
guys can scale so fast.
>> Mhm.
>> Right? But but when you're building
things, right? You you have to you want
to double, you got to call your
manufacturing partner, your CM. You got
to They have to find power. They have to
rent a building. They have to add more
lines. They have to make test fixtures.
Right? Each step takes real time and
effort to to grow. We're going to try
and increase manufacturing 10x this
year.
>> Mhm.
>> Right? That's about as fast as anybody
in the history of hardware.
>> And so the maturity of the software
stack for you guys that's more scale,
right?
>> You know, when when we started the
company, Sarah, our one of my
co-founders, Gary
I know.
We we presented to you.
One of my co-founders said Andrew, it's
going to take about 10 years to to build
a compiler. I said, "No, that's crazy.
That's big company talk. We can do it in
five."
Takes about 10 years.
>> Very [laughter]
true.
>> It takes a long time to build a
compiler. It's an extraordinarily
difficult piece of software.
And um now we've got good a good
software stack.
>> Can I ask you as an aside actually just
because you you have for more than a
decade believed that this revolution's
going to happen,
uh how much is all of this um
AI-generated coding relevant for
Cerebras internally?
>> Uh hugely. I would say that that you
know, 8 months ago we weren't spending a
thousand dollars an engineer on tokens,
and we're probably at 25 or 30,000 right
now, and it's ripping.
I I think it's not useful for everybody.
I I think that's truth. I I think there
are some some people who have sort of
the perfect mindset for it.
Right? And you you they are running
eight or 10 agents 7 by 24. They've
moved their coding style to being one in
which they govern agents.
>> Mhm.
>> Whether they think about how to QA, so
they've got a QA agent running. They
think about how to sort of remedy some
of the weaknesses in the coding models,
right? They're often verbose. They often
cut out comments. So, they've really
thought about and it's a type of puzzle
that the perfect fit for their mind. And
they've gone from being sort of 10x guys
to being 100x guys. I think the rest of
us, myself included, we're sort of
limping along. We we we're trying to
figure out how we can make it work for
for our different jobs. For being the
CEO, for being the CFO, for being
accountants, for being in marketing. Um
but for a a small number it is such a
tool. And then the rest we try and try
and show them what what what others are
doing, what best practices are.
>> You're about 800 people now?
>> 800, 850, yeah.
>> Um it's a lot of market cap per person.
>> I like that, yeah. That's good.
>> a good good metric overall. Um when you
think about where to go from here, you
know,
making business bigger, strategic
directions, like what do you what do you
predict? Where where can you go from
here?
>> I I I think we
>> Besides delivery.
>> Well, when you've got a backlog that's
north of 20 billion, delivery is pretty
important every day. Um
I I think we have to uh
continue to to to sort of be fearless. I
I think one of the malaise of companies
as they get to 1,000 to 2,000, 3,000
people is they stop taking the type of
risks that they were taking before,
right? You move from being a fearless
engineering culture to to to sort of
being
what can we get in in the time frame in
the next rev. And I I I think that's
extraordinarily damaging. And we take
such pride in doing fearless work. Um we
want to hire people who do fearless
work. We want to we're going to sort of
guard that culture that that says we
would much rather fail in pursuit of the
extraordinary than succeed in the
ordinary. That that is a horrible thing
to do.
And so those are some of the things that
worry me.
I think recruiting.
Right? You you have so many openings and
it is so easy to settle.
And it's so easy to just try and put a
butt in a seat. Yeah, pretty good. Let's
get that button a seat. I mean that that
is death.
And so um we think really hard and I
spend a meaningful part of every day in
talking to candidates. Those are things
that that sort of I I worry about, I
think about every day.
>> We have a um a lot of founders and
leaders who, you know, listen to the
podcast, who are thinking about maybe
they have a successful business and
they're managing through the period of
waiting for the market or trying to
figure out if they're still right. They
think about how to hire from 800 to
several thousand. Um there we talked
about the managing of your own
psychology when you're like, am I right
for this decade? How
how do you like keep and motivate
employees when there wasn't external
feedback for this long period of time?
>> Well first I I I have empathy for them.
I mean being CEO is an extraordinarily
lonely thing.
And uh you you're building a business.
You're building a business. You guys
know this that that being a leader it is
lonely.
And it's not easy.
And people don't like to say that.
Especially for those of us who like to
solve problems, specifically the
problems everyone else says can't be
solved. You sort of you you you gain
fire from that chip on your on your
shoulder, right? When when they say it
can't be solved, you say in your head,
you can't solve it.
>> [laughter]
>> Right. Right, that's
>> I don't know if that's just my
>> No, that's right. That's exactly right.
You know,
um you know, you you were at a top
venture firm. You wanted to do it your
way.
Right? And so you stepped out in doing
it your way. And you said to yourself, I
can do this. And it's not easy. And um
that that's one thing. The other thing
is you have to love the journey, right?
The this things we do are too hard if
you don't like the building.
Right? That you do this for the money is
is a horrible thing.
There are way easier ways to make money
than than trying to create something
extraordinary and compete with somebody
as strong as a as Nvidia. That is not
the easiest path. You You got to love
being a David. Right? I'm a professional
David. This is my fifth startup. I
compete against Goliath.
Um that is what I do for a living.
And I I I think to myself that every
dollar, every million dollars, every
billion dollars we sell, if it wasn't
for our brains, their muscle would have
taken it in a heartbeat.
And you got to love that.
And And if you don't love that, it's a
it's a very long road.
>> When do you think um cuz there's sort of
two views of the world in terms of um
when to give up on something?
And you know, one argument is just keep
going no matter what, and you know,
hopefully things work out or eventually
well. The other view of the world is
you know, you should be constantly
reassessing whether the journey you're
on is the right one.
And there's some moments where actually
giving up is the smartest possible thing
you can do.
Um what's your view on that? Or how do
you think about when's the right time to
give up on something?
>> I think it is clearly this the the right
time to give up when
uh you've laid out a set of hypotheses
about what it's going to take
>> Mhm.
>> to to win.
And they all come back negative.
>> Yeah, but I see people kind of do this
sequentially, right? They say, "Oh, I
just need to test one more thing." And
they test and it doesn't work. And they
say, "I need to test one more." And so
>> The The slippery slope is a beast. The
slippery slope in in all things. In
ethical situations, in your life. I
mean, the slippery slope is really um
something you have to guard against.
Right? And I I think sometimes having
other
former CEOs or other really seasoned
entrepreneurs who are on your side
and who can share with you, "Remember a
year ago you said if you got to this
point and you didn't have this." And to
remind you. So So they pull you back off
that slippery slope, right? They They
said, you know, the old frog in the the
warm water thing is like you said if it
got this hot you were going to get out.
And it slowly kept getting warmer.
>> can other people keep you effectively
accountable to instructions.
>> to your own thinking.
>> Yeah.
>> Um if you understand why it's not
working.
Right? If there are some things that
that you can articulate
that have to change
>> Yeah.
>> um in order for it to work and and you
can put some sort of time frame on it.
Um
but that is an extraordinarily hard
question.
And I I think
uh it's probably the case that that
lots of of of efforts ought to be
truncated.
>> Mhm. Yeah.
>> And those people sort of redeploy their
efforts to new and different ideas that
they have.
>> Yeah, it's kind of like I have you know
there's opportunity cost in life and for
some people it's the best moment of
their lives that in terms of
productivity or things I could do and so
you know, the cost of time is extremely
high. Um you know, in your guys' case
obviously it worked out. What made you
all decide to go public? Similarly,
there's differing opinions on when to go
public, why to go public, what's the
benefits, what's the drawbacks. What
what was that in your mind and what made
you decide to go out now?
>> First, uh
sort of go going public is exchanging
some professional investors
venture capitalists who specialize in
technology investing for a different
class of investors and and in so doing
reducing your cost of capital a little
bit. Right? This is really what's
happening.
>> Mhm.
>> Um suddenly we go from pros like you to
my dad.
Right? That that that's sort of the
trade-off. Um and in return for that
uh you have to agree to to be governed
by a set of extraordinarily stringent
rules. I think your question is
complicated by the fact that there have
been for the first time in history four
or five companies that can raise huge
amounts of money without going public.
That this was never a thing before
OpenAI and Anthropic and uh maybe uh
Databricks.
>> Option package timeline from for Silicon
Valley comes from. It's like a 4-year
timeline.
>> Yeah, it used to be how long it would
take you to get public.
Right, it used to be right, it used to
be 4 years and that was the way you got
a valuation in the hundreds of millions,
right? But I I think
>> have a tender cycle.
>> That's right.
>> And at a certain scale.
>> It took us 10.
Um and I I I think that changes a lot.
Right, what we did is we opened up the
secondary market and let people sell,
right? If you're going to bet big chunks
your career with us, we thought it would
be perfectly reasonable for you to to to
find
modest liquidity as you went along. I
think you have to think very differently
if it's going to take you a decade.
But I think for a very small number of
companies, those three in particular,
they've been able to raise sort of
public market money at public market
valuations in the private market.
Um
I think for the rest of the world, if
you want super high uh valuations, if
you want uh the legitimacy that comes
with it.
Um historically large companies like
doing business with other public
companies in the US and you get a
credibility and a legitimacy from having
your books audited, from them being able
to see who you are
that that is different than when you're
private and I I think all of those are
are reasonable reasons.
I also think we could offer the public
market something unique, right? We would
be the first and only for a period of
time
AI pure play.
We we are the only company that that
you can
100% of the revenue
this exact
market. Um there's no gaming, there's no
graphics, there's no PC that this is it.
And that was an opportunity, a
differentiator
that we thought was interesting. I I
think there are ways around all the
other things. You can deliver returns to
your investors. I I think both uh Elon
and Ali have been really creative about
allowing employees to sell and and
allowing investors who who have 10-year
funds to to to find some liquidity in
the process.
But I I I think more than anything
um
for us, it was an opportunity to to
graduate from corporate adolescence to
corporate adulthood.
>> Can you talk a little bit about I'm so
curious like how did the OpenAI deal
happen? You know, what were
um what do you think was the point at
which you you knew that you were a good
fit for them?
>> I I think I spoke to Sam in in sort of
middle of summer in in 25.
And he said for the first time
he he said
we're we've been trying so hard just to
keep up with demand. We now see the
importance of fast inference. That
produced a a set of trials and some
testing that that was done.
Um and we were so much faster than the
than the competition. It felt really
good. And when what we love talking to
super smart customers, right? I mean I I
can't I know you do consumer, too. I I
can't do consumer. I have a rule that if
my my mother buys it or uses it, I don't
want to make it or sell it. Um cuz I
>> [laughter]
>> I I really want super smart customers
who are doing really interesting things
with our stuff. And so we got in with um
some of their guys and they were like,
"Whoa.
This is We understand now."
And at Thanksgiving, the night before
Thanksgiving, we signed a term sheet.
And
you know, 4 weeks later on the 24th of
December, we signed a a big master
agreement.
And so um
>> incredibly fast.
>> You know what? They can fly. And uh you
know, we were working 7 days a week. I
mean, they had several law firm I mean
it it was a huge for a 20 plus billion
dollar deal to do it in 4 and 1/2 weeks
was was exceptional.
>> I actually think that's like a crazy
characteristic of this market that I've
not personally experienced before which
is everybody's trying to keep up with
demand.
>> I
and and I think you know I I talked to
the guys at uh
at Cognition, right? They bought Wind
Surf over a weekend.
Right? I I think many of the things that
we thought were speed of light
weren't.
Right? Could be done much faster.
And I I think, you know, the rate at
which Elon has been able to build data
centers. Everyone says, "Oh, you can't
do it that way." Except if you're him,
in which case you can. Or you can't buy
a $300 million company in three
Actually, you can. You can't do a deal
like this in in 24 days. But if you work
on it every day, 8 or 10 hours a day,
you can. And I think
the the art of the possible has been
expanded by by this push in a in a way I
never would have expected.
>> And I think it's a huge advantage to
have the ambition for speed if you
believe it is possible.
>> That that's right. I I think we have
seen some extraordinary operators
in this market build amazing things,
right? I mean
uh the guys at Cursor or Cogni- You you
see sort of growth we've never seen
before. You can't grow that fast. Well,
actually you can.
Um you can't build data centers. You
can't do deals. It just
Those were
sort of truncated aspirations
which is interesting.
>> Speaking about these like Cog and Cursor
and such
the growth of the open source ecosystem
has enabled a generation of companies to
do really impressive things. Like
>> Super super impressive.
>> You know, Devin on Cerebrus is a really
magical experience. Coding on Cerebrus
is like like high performance at massive
speed is really special. Um how do you
how do you think about, you know, open
source and post-trained workloads and
and your perspective on that going
forward?
>> They have fed this market.
Right? When uh closed-source was was
too expensive, the open-source community
had has sort of kept the interest alive
and kept the flame going. And I I think
that that
the uh and pushed the uh the
closed-source guys. I I think the sort
of techniques that we saw by uh
some of the Chinese makers, like, "Whoa.
We We got to stay ahead of that.
Right? We We can't rest on our laurels.
We We can't depend on the fact that we
have uh bigger training clusters and
more data."
Um and I think that's made for an
extraordinarily vibrant ecosystem.
Right? I I think it's uh made for
creativity uh or and allowed creativity
to to to
to take root and and really produce
interesting results.
And that's fun to be in the mix of.
Right? It It's fun to see other people's
ideas do interesting things on your
hardware. And that's if you don't love
that, your infrastructure's not right
for you. You got to love other people's
ideas to take flight on on what you
built.
>> Uh when you think about um
experiences you imagine will be possible
only on Cerebras, is there anything
you're excited about in a couple years
from now that we should all look out
for?
>> You know what? When I think about
what speed does,
um
it it it doesn't make the existing
business models a little better. Right?
Um
You know, Netflix used to deliver DVDs
in envelopes, and they thought their
competition was Blockbuster.
And when the internet got fast, they
became a movie studio.
Right? That's what happens with speed. I
mean, it wasn't a
uh they didn't get better incrementally
at and more efficient to delivering
DVDs, right? It opened up an entirely
new business. Something fundamentally
different. And
then they sort of became a movie movie
studio. They bought existing movie
studios. And and I think that's what
what fast AI does is it will present
entirely new
sort of business models that that are
available. I I think the easy and the
obvious is to replace existing. And we
we know that that that when the the PC
came in it replaced, right, typewriters
and general ledger accounting. But the
big jump in productivity was when it
reorganized how we did work and you got
the cloud and then with the cloud you
were able to get SaaS and with SaaS we
were able to get tools that you
previously couldn't afford cuz they were
so expensive to the individual company
and to the small number of seats, right?
Then you got this massive jump in
productivity.
And I I think AI's in the same way that
right now we're we're we're replacing
things that that everybody can see, like
coding, design, right, some of the the
SaaS tools. But once we start sort of
fundamentally reorganizing around this,
you're going to see this sort of new
business models and fundamental jumps in
productivity and
I'm eager for that. That's so cool.
Very exciting. Thank you so much for
joining us today.
>> Guys, thank you so much for having me on
your show. Really appreciate it.
>> Congratulations.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Find us on Twitter at No Priors Pod.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you
want to see our faces. Follow the show
on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever
you listen. That way you get a new
episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts [music]
for every episode at no-priors.com.